Readme.md, before:

# Like Rabbits
At its core, this is a Genetic Algorithm  
It uses rabbits to simulate evolution to best fit their enviorment  

## Current Features
- Two premade rabbits (Ninja and Standard)  
- One premade enviorment (Standard Enviorment)  
- Three different special traits that will randomly mutate  

## What Doesn't Work
- Loading a previous Evolution 
- Custom Rabbits / Enviorments
- Clean Output (how it outputs now is useful for debugging)  
- Generation Logs
- Cannibalism Trait does not work properly (doesn't crash, but it doesn't work)

## TODO
- Fix Cannibalism
- Fix the 1 second delay for each rabbit being generated (easy fix)
- Rework the surival odds .. Specifically on...
	- Temperature 
	- Predator Noticing the rabbits
- Add more enviorments
- Add ability to create custom enviorments / rabbits

## HOW TO COMPILE
> g++ ./src/driver.cxx ./src/rabbit.cxx ./src/enviorment.cxx -o rabbits <br/>

run with...  

> ./rabbits </br>

(Assuming GNU/Linux Distrobution)

## PICTURES!
Main Menu <br/><br/>
![Alt text](./img/main_menu.png)  

Rabbit Selection <br/><br/>
![Alt text](./img/rabbit_select.png)  

DNA Chart<br/><br/>
![Alt text](./img/chart.png)

Commit message:

added new rabbit and enviorment ... added a "make" file for easy compilation

Readme.md, after:

# Like Rabbits
At its core, this is a Genetic Algorithm  
It uses rabbits to simulate evolution to best fit their enviorment  

## Current Features
- Three premade rabbits (Fluffy, Ninja and Standard)  
- Two premade enviorment (Standard and Snowy)  
- Three different special traits that will randomly mutate  

## What Doesn't Work
- Loading a previous Evolution 
- Custom Rabbits / Enviorments
- Clean Output (how it outputs now is useful for debugging)  
- Generation Logs

## TODO
- Fix the 1 second delay for each rabbit being generated (easy fix)
- Rework the surival odds .. Specifically on...
	- Temperature 
	- Predator Noticing the rabbits (Reworked Slightly)
- Add ability to create custom enviorments / rabbits

## HOW TO COMPILE
> g++ ./src/driver.cxx ./src/rabbit.cxx ./src/enviorment.cxx -o rabbits <br/>

OR! Use my "make" file (Not a real make file but it does what it needs to!)  
run with...
> chmod +x make  
> ./make

To Run..
> ./rabbits

(Assuming GNU/Linux Distrobution)

## PICTURES!
Main Menu <br/><br/>
![Alt text](./img/main_menu.png)  

Rabbit Selection <br/><br/>
![Alt text](./img/rabbit_select.png)  

DNA Chart<br/><br/>
![Alt text](./img/chart.png)
